[MOV] tests: split tests files by category (#2838)
odoo/o-spreadsheet: tests/readme.md

# Tests

o-spreadsheet is a well tested library with a plethora of tests, using the Jest testing framework.

## Running tests

```bash
# install dependencies
npm install
# run the test suite
npm run test
```

## Writing tests guidelines

- Tests should be located in `tests/` folder.

> - Test files should be named `test_file_name.test.ts`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test files should be suffixed with `.test.ts`. e.g `renderer_plugin.test.ts`
```
